During my high school years, I would work at a shipyard as a third-class welder.
It was difficult.
In the summer times, it was real hot on the water, and I just said, wow, if I'm going
to have to do this for 30 or 40 years, I've got to find something better.
In that period of time, successful meant a good job, a lot of money, comfort, and so I went
through college, and four years and got an accounting degree.
Every time I would get a transfer, I would get promoted, so I went from Africa to Belgium,
from Belgium to Scotland, Scotland back to the U.S., and then the U.S. to Singapore, and
that was really a big jump.
Nice cars, a driver, putting a whole lot of money in the bank.
And every time I would reach one of these goals, my wife and I would sit at the table and
say, now, now we're going to be happy.
Now we're going to finally start to be able to enjoy this.
But it was like something fleeting.
It just wasn't there.
The emptiness was growing bigger.
It was getting, the hole was getting larger.
We were just perplexed.
We didn't know where to go to find any kind of joy or happiness.
When my daughter, she had a baby shop, it's so baby clothes and small baby furniture.
Her and her husband ran the shop.
So they hired this young girl to help with the store and to help with their children.
But when she wasn't busy with the story with the children, she'd pull open her Bible,
and she would be reading her Bible.
So they asked this young girl, do you know anybody that could study with the two kids?
She said, I have the perfect people, the perfect couple.
And so they set up a study the following week, one night during the week.
And my daughter called me and said, Dad, can you come to this Bible study?
I don't know these people.
And you just need to be there to make sure it's on the up and up.
And so I came to that first Bible study and I watched it.
I just sat there amazed.
But when the study was over, I asked him, I said, would you not be interested in studying
with me?
You know, in the world, you may hit these goals.
But then very quickly after that, you're going way down and then you stay way down.
The truth brings you a constant joy.
It is there's nothing like it.
It's just complete satisfaction.
You just know now you're doing the right thing.
And it's just changed our whole life now and our whole attitude.
We are just so very content and happy.